fix: modularizing selecting an ide (#2343)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/selecting-an-ide.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:navtitle: Selecting an IDE
:keywords: user-guide, selecting, IDE
:page-aliases: che-theia-ide-basics, version-control, using-alternative-ides-in-che, configuring-a-workspace-to-use-an-ide-based-on-the-intellij-platform, building-images-for-ides-based-on-the-intellij-platform, provisioning-the-jetbrains-offline-activation-code, support-for-theia-based-ides, che-theia-troubleshooting, differences-in-how-che-theia-webview-works-on-a-single-host-mode-comparing-to-a-multi-host-mode

[id="selecting-an-ide_{context}"]
= Selecting an IDE

:context: selecting-an-ide

> The default editor for {prod-short} is link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia] but you can select a different IDE when starting a workspace. Following alternatives to Eclipse Theia are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a {prod-short} workspace, you can use the default IDE, link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia], or select one of the following alternatives:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When starting a {prod-short} workspace, you can use the default IDE, link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia], or select one of the following alternatives:
```

> * JetBrains IDE such as link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/getting-started.html[IntelliJ IDEA] or link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/quick-start-guide.html[PyCharm]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* JetBrains link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/getting-started.html[IntelliJ IDEA]
* JetBrains link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/quick-start-guide.html[PyCharm]
```

> * Visual Studio Code - link:https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/[Open Source ("Code - OSS")]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Microsoft link:https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/[Visual Studio Code]
```

Reviewer: Use parallel structure in the list items.

Reviewer 3: It's really  link:https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/[Open Source ("Code - OSS")]

> * Your own IDE defined with the `inline` directive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An IDE that you defined by using the `inline` directive
```

- Also, consider keeping this as a list item only if the user selects this IDE like any other one when they start a workspace. Otherwise, if the user doesn't *select* this IDE but must instead *specify an inline directive* at this stage, consider making this phrase a separate non-list item.

> When you start a workspace, you can select an IDE by using one of the two following options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When starting a workspace, you can select an IDE by using one of the two following options:
```

[id="selecting-an-ide_{context}"]
= Selecting an IDE

:context: selecting-an-ide

When you start a {prod-short} workspace, you can use the default IDE, link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia], or select one of the following alternatives:

* JetBrains link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/getting-started.html[IntelliJ IDEA]
* JetBrains link:https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/quick-start-guide.html[PyCharm]
* Visual Studio Code link:https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/[Open Source ("Code - OSS")]
* An IDE that you defined by using the `inline` directive

When starting a workspace, you can select an IDE by using one of the two following options:

* URL parameter `che-editor`
* `.che/che-editor.yaml` file

include::partial$proc_using-url-parameters-to-select-an-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::example$proc_using-the-che-prod-editor-file-to-select-an-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::example$con_customizing-ide-selection-with-the-che-editor-file.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::partial$proc_using-a-custom-plug-in-registry-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
include::partial$proc_using-a-custom-plug-in-registry-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```

> include::partial$proc_using-a-web-reference-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
include::partial$proc_using-a-web-reference-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```

> include::partial$proc_using-an-embedded-editor-definition-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
include::partial$proc_using-an-embedded-editor-definition-for-your-ide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```
